>>> SIX DAYS AFTER THE MIDTERM
>>> SIX DAYS AFTER THE MIDTERM ELECTION ANDS SOME DEMOCRATS ARE
ELECTION ANDS SOME DEMOCRATS ARE ALREADY TALKING 2020.
ALREADY TALKING 2020. WEST VIRGINIA STATE SENATOR
WEST VIRGINIA STATE SENATOR RICHARD O
RICHARD O RICHARD OJEDA LOST HIS HOUSE
RICHARD OJEDA LOST HIS HOUSE BID.
BID. BROWN WON A THIRD SENATE TERM IN
BROWN WON A THIRD SENATE TERM IN OHIO LAST WEEK CARRYING A STATE
OHIO LAST WEEK CARRYING A STATE DONALD TRUMP WON IN THE LAST
DONALD TRUMP WON IN THE LAST ELECTION.
ELECTION. HE TOLD THE COLUMBUS DISPATCH
HE TOLD THE COLUMBUS DISPATCH HE’S THINKING ABOUT RUNNING.
HE’S THINKING ABOUT RUNNING. AND HERE’S WHAT SENATOR KIERSTEN
AND HERE’S WHAT SENATOR KIERSTEN GILLIBRAND SAID ON "THE VIEW"
GILLIBRAND SAID ON "THE VIEW" THIS MORNING.
THIS MORNING. >> YOU HAVE ANOTHER, HOW MANY
>> YOU HAVE ANOTHER, HOW MANY YEARS LEFT ON YOUR TERM?
YEARS LEFT ON YOUR TERM? >> SIX, SIX MORE YEARS.
>> SIX, SIX MORE YEARS. >> SIX MORE YEARS.
>> SIX MORE YEARS. >> YES.
>> YES. >> OKAY, ARE YOU STAYING IN THE
>> OKAY, ARE YOU STAYING IN THE SENATE OR ARE YOU GOING TO RUN
SENATE OR ARE YOU GOING TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT?
FOR PRESIDENT? >> WELL, I’M OBVIOUSLY DEDICATE
>> WELL, I’M OBVIOUSLY DEDICATE TODAY SERVING NEW YORKERS, BUT
TODAY SERVING NEW YORKERS, BUT THAT IS A VERY IMPORTANT MORAL
THAT IS A VERY IMPORTANT MORAL QUESTION I’VE BEEN THINKING
QUESTION I’VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT.
ABOUT. >> JOINING ME NOW, SENATOR
>> JOINING ME NOW, SENATOR KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND, DEMOCRAT
KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND, DEMOCRAT FROM NEW YORK.
FROM NEW YORK. SHE HAS A BOOK OUT, BOLD AND
SHE HAS A BOOK OUT, BOLD AND BRAVE, TEN HEROES WHO WON THE
BRAVE, TEN HEROES WHO WON THE RIGHT TO VOTE.
RIGHT TO VOTE. IT IS A CHILDREN’S BOOK.
IT IS A CHILDREN’S BOOK. I’LL GIVE IT TO MY DAUGHTER.
I’LL GIVE IT TO MY DAUGHTER. SHE’S VERY MUCH INTO THIS GENRE.
SHE’S VERY MUCH INTO THIS GENRE. YOU SAID THIS MORNING YOU WERE
YOU SAID THIS MORNING YOU WERE CONSIDERING THINKING ABOUT THE
CONSIDERING THINKING ABOUT THE QUESTION RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT.
QUESTION RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> I’M CURIOUS WHAT DOES THAT
>> I’M CURIOUS WHAT DOES THAT MEAN IN REAL TERMS?
MEAN IN REAL TERMS? WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT?
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT? WHAT’S GOING THROUGH YOUR MIND?
WHAT’S GOING THROUGH YOUR MIND? >> TO ME IT’S REALLY A MORAL
>> TO ME IT’S REALLY A MORAL QUESTION AND I DO BELIEVE
QUESTION AND I DO BELIEVE THAT -- I BELIEVE IN RIGHT
THAT -- I BELIEVE IN RIGHT VERSUS WRONG AND UNFORTUNATELY
VERSUS WRONG AND UNFORTUNATELY UP UNTIL THIS ELECTION I
UP UNTIL THIS ELECTION I BELIEVED THAT WRONG WAS WINNING.
BELIEVED THAT WRONG WAS WINNING. SO AS I TRAVEL THE STATE, AS I
SO AS I TRAVEL THE STATE, AS I TRAVEL THE COUNTRY, I REALLY SAW
TRAVEL THE COUNTRY, I REALLY SAW THE RESPONSE AND THE EFFECT OF
THE RESPONSE AND THE EFFECT OF ALL THE HATE THAT DONALD TRUMP
ALL THE HATE THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS PUT INTO THIS COUNTRY OVER
HAS PUT INTO THIS COUNTRY OVER THE LAST TWO YEARS.
THE LAST TWO YEARS. AND IT’S SO DISTURBING AND IT’S
AND IT’S SO DISTURBING AND IT’S REALLY CALLED ME PERSONALLY TO
REALLY CALLED ME PERSONALLY TO FIGHT AS HARD AS I POSSIBLY CAN
FIGHT AS HARD AS I POSSIBLY CAN TO RESTORE THAT MORAL COMPASS
TO RESTORE THAT MORAL COMPASS BECAUSE THE TRUTH IS THIS
BECAUSE THE TRUTH IS THIS COUNTRY WAS FOUNDED ON REALLY
COUNTRY WAS FOUNDED ON REALLY CORE PRINCIPLES THAT WE CARE
CORE PRINCIPLES THAT WE CARE ABOUT ONE ANOTHER, THAT WE
ABOUT ONE ANOTHER, THAT WE BELIEVE IN THE GOLDEN RULE, THAT
BELIEVE IN THE GOLDEN RULE, THAT YOU SHOULD FIGHT FOR OTHER
YOU SHOULD FIGHT FOR OTHER PEOPLE’S KIDS AS HARD AS YOU
PEOPLE’S KIDS AS HARD AS YOU FIGHT FOR YOUR OWN.
FIGHT FOR YOUR OWN. AND I FEEL THAT THAT’S BEEN
AND I FEEL THAT THAT’S BEEN CRUMBLING AND LOST UNDER THIS
CRUMBLING AND LOST UNDER THIS PRESIDENCY.
PRESIDENCY. SO I’VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT IT
SO I’VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT IT AND I AM GOING TO REFLECT ON
AND I AM GOING TO REFLECT ON WHETHER THIS IS SOMETHING THAT I
WHETHER THIS IS SOMETHING THAT I SHOULD DO BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE
SHOULD DO BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE ALL OF US HAVE TO DECIDE WHAT
ALL OF US HAVE TO DECIDE WHAT WE’RE GOING TO DO TO RESTORE
WE’RE GOING TO DO TO RESTORE WHAT’S BEEN LOST.
WHAT’S BEEN LOST. AND I JUST HAVE TO THINK WHERE I
AND I JUST HAVE TO THINK WHERE I CAN DO THAT BEST FROM.
CAN DO THAT BEST FROM. >> SO, WHAT IS THAT CALCULATION?
>> SO, WHAT IS THAT CALCULATION? THERE’S A MORAL QUESTION,
THERE’S A MORAL QUESTION, THERE’S A BUNCH OF TACTICAL
THERE’S A BUNCH OF TACTICAL QUESTIONS, A BUNCH OF
QUESTIONS, A BUNCH OF ORGANIZATIONAL QUESTIONS.
ORGANIZATIONAL QUESTIONS. WHAT’S THE SORTS OF YES/NO
WHAT’S THE SORTS OF YES/NO THRESHOLD?
THRESHOLD? >> SO, FOR ME IT’S WHETHER THIS
>> SO, FOR ME IT’S WHETHER THIS IS WHAT I NEED TO BE DOING.
IS WHAT I NEED TO BE DOING. IT’S SORT OF, YOU KNOW, ARE YOU
IT’S SORT OF, YOU KNOW, ARE YOU PREPARED IN A TIME SUCH AS THIS
PREPARED IN A TIME SUCH AS THIS TO DO SOMETHING THAT’S VERY HARD
TO DO SOMETHING THAT’S VERY HARD AND DIFFICULT, REGARDLESS OF
AND DIFFICULT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU WILL WIN, REGARDLESS
WHETHER YOU WILL WIN, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER IT’S EASY, BUT YOU’RE
OF WHETHER IT’S EASY, BUT YOU’RE DOING IT BECAUSE OUT OF THAT
DOING IT BECAUSE OUT OF THAT MORAL CONVICTION.
MORAL CONVICTION. AND SO FOR ME THE SOLE THING I
AND SO FOR ME THE SOLE THING I HAVE TO CONSIDER THAT I HAVE TO
HAVE TO CONSIDER THAT I HAVE TO THINK LONG AND HARD ABOUT IS
THINK LONG AND HARD ABOUT IS WHETHER THIS IS WHAT I’M CALLED
WHETHER THIS IS WHAT I’M CALLED TO DO.
TO DO. AND OTHERWISE, I WILL CONTINUE
AND OTHERWISE, I WILL CONTINUE TO FIGHT AS HARD AS I CAN FOR
TO FIGHT AS HARD AS I CAN FOR NEW YORKERS AND BE A VOICE FOR
NEW YORKERS AND BE A VOICE FOR THEM IN WASHINGTON AND FIGHT FOR
THEM IN WASHINGTON AND FIGHT FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS FAMILIES THAT
THE MIDDLE CLASS FAMILIES THAT ARE DESPERATE AND NEED HEALTH
ARE DESPERATE AND NEED HEALTH CARE AS A RIGHT AND ALL THE
CARE AS A RIGHT AND ALL THE OTHER ISSUES THAT ARE PRESSING
OTHER ISSUES THAT ARE PRESSING ON FAMILIES IN MY STATE.
ON FAMILIES IN MY STATE. >> YOU TALK ABOUT THE SORT OF
>> YOU TALK ABOUT THE SORT OF MORAL DEGRADATION THE TWO YEARS
MORAL DEGRADATION THE TWO YEARS OF THE PRESIDENCY.
OF THE PRESIDENCY. THERE ARE WAYS OF VIEWING THE
THERE ARE WAYS OF VIEWING THE PRESIDENCY AND WHAT THE DEFINING
PRESIDENCY AND WHAT THE DEFINING ISSUE GOING INTO 2020 IS.
ISSUE GOING INTO 2020 IS. ONE IS THIS PRESIDENT, THIS
ONE IS THIS PRESIDENT, THIS INDIVIDUAL REPRESENTS SOMETHING
INDIVIDUAL REPRESENTS SOMETHING PARTICULARLY INSIDIOUS FOR
PARTICULARLY INSIDIOUS FOR AMERICA, FOR AMERICAN POLITICS.
AMERICA, FOR AMERICAN POLITICS. AND THE OTHER, WHICH WAS KIND OF
AND THE OTHER, WHICH WAS KIND OF THE WAY THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE RAN
THE WAY THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE RAN IN THIS MIDTERM WAS RUNNING
IN THIS MIDTERM WAS RUNNING AGAINST BASICALLY THE REPUBLICAN
AGAINST BASICALLY THE REPUBLICAN AGENDA.
AGENDA. IT WAS LIKE THEY’RE RUNNING
IT WAS LIKE THEY’RE RUNNING AGAINST PAUL RYAN EVEN THOUGH
AGAINST PAUL RYAN EVEN THOUGH DONALD TRUMP WAS THE TOP OF THE
DONALD TRUMP WAS THE TOP OF THE TICKET.
TICKET. WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THOSE TWO
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THOSE TWO AVENUES?
AVENUES? >> IT’S ALSO ABOUT WHAT YOU’RE
>> IT’S ALSO ABOUT WHAT YOU’RE FOR.
FOR. SO, IF YOU BELIEVE IN THIS MORAL
SO, IF YOU BELIEVE IN THIS MORAL COMPASS, IF YOU BELIEVE IN THIS
COMPASS, IF YOU BELIEVE IN THIS CORE VALUE THAT WE SHOULD CARE
CORE VALUE THAT WE SHOULD CARE ABOUT ONE ANOTHER, THAT WE ARE
ABOUT ONE ANOTHER, THAT WE ARE OUR BROTHER’S KEEPER, THAT YOU
OUR BROTHER’S KEEPER, THAT YOU SHOULD TREAT OTHERS THE WAY YOU
SHOULD TREAT OTHERS THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED, THAT’S WHY
WANT TO BE TREATED, THAT’S WHY WE FIGHT FOR HEALTH CARE AS A
WE FIGHT FOR HEALTH CARE AS A RIGHT AND NOT A PRIVILEGE.
RIGHT AND NOT A PRIVILEGE. IT’S WHY WE WANT GOOD EARLY
IT’S WHY WE WANT GOOD EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION FOR EVERY
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION FOR EVERY CHILD NO MATTER WHICH BLOCK THEY
CHILD NO MATTER WHICH BLOCK THEY GREW UP ON OR UNIVERSAL PRE-K,
GREW UP ON OR UNIVERSAL PRE-K, DEBT FREE COLLEGE.
DEBT FREE COLLEGE. IT’S WHY ANYBODY WHO WANTS TO BE
IT’S WHY ANYBODY WHO WANTS TO BE WORKING FULL TIME SHOULD HAVE
WORKING FULL TIME SHOULD HAVE THAT TRAINING, WHATEVER THAT
THAT TRAINING, WHATEVER THAT TRAINING IS TO GET THAT
TRAINING IS TO GET THAT FULL-TIME JOB SO THEY CAN EARN
FULL-TIME JOB SO THEY CAN EARN THEIR WAY INTO THE MIDDLE CLASS.
THEIR WAY INTO THE MIDDLE CLASS. FUNDAMENTALLY WE BELIEVE THE
FUNDAMENTALLY WE BELIEVE THE CONSTITUTION OF THE DEMOCRACY
CONSTITUTION OF THE DEMOCRACY WAS ANYONE CAN REACH THE
WAS ANYONE CAN REACH THE AMERICAN DREAM.
AMERICAN DREAM. LIFE, PURSUIT OF LIBERTY AND
LIFE, PURSUIT OF LIBERTY AND HAPPINESS FOR ALL.
HAPPINESS FOR ALL. THAT IS WHY THE MORAL FRAME IS
THAT IS WHY THE MORAL FRAME IS SO IMPORTANT.
SO IMPORTANT. EVERYTHING YOU’RE FIGHTING FOR,
EVERYTHING YOU’RE FIGHTING FOR, YOUR VISION OF WHAT AMERICA
YOUR VISION OF WHAT AMERICA SHOULD LOOK LIKE IS SO
SHOULD LOOK LIKE IS SO DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT. THE ONE ISSUE, CHRIS, I THINK IS
THE ONE ISSUE, CHRIS, I THINK IS SO ENCOMPASSING IS YOU HAVE TO
SO ENCOMPASSING IS YOU HAVE TO GET THE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS.
GET THE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS. YOU CAN’T ACHIEVE ANY OF THESE
YOU CAN’T ACHIEVE ANY OF THESE BASIC RIGHTS, THESE BASIC
BASIC RIGHTS, THESE BASIC PROTECTIONS UNTIL YOU TAKE ON
PROTECTIONS UNTIL YOU TAKE ON THE DRUG COMPANIES.
THE DRUG COMPANIES. YOU CAN’T GET TO UNIVERSAL
YOU CAN’T GET TO UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE THAT’S AFFORDABLE
HEALTH CARE THAT’S AFFORDABLE UNLESS YOU TAKE ON THE DRUG
UNLESS YOU TAKE ON THE DRUG COMPANIES, YOU TAKE ON THE
COMPANIES, YOU TAKE ON THE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
INSURANCE COMPANIES. YOU CAN’T BUILD THE KIND OF
YOU CAN’T BUILD THE KIND OF SUPPORT THAT PEOPLE NEED UNTIL
SUPPORT THAT PEOPLE NEED UNTIL YOU TAKE ON THE SPECIAL
YOU TAKE ON THE SPECIAL INTEREST.
INTEREST. SO, THE BEST THING WE COULD DO
SO, THE BEST THING WE COULD DO IS FOCUS ON GETTING MONEY OUT OF
IS FOCUS ON GETTING MONEY OUT OF POLITICS, HAVING PUBLICLY FUNDED
POLITICS, HAVING PUBLICLY FUNDED ELECTIONS, RESTORING VOTING
ELECTIONS, RESTORING VOTING RIGHTS.
RIGHTS. WE’RE SEEING WHAT’S HAPPENING IN
WE’RE SEEING WHAT’S HAPPENING IN GEORGIA, WHAT’S HAPPENING IN
GEORGIA, WHAT’S HAPPENING IN FLORIDA, WHAT’S HAPPENING ACROSS
FLORIDA, WHAT’S HAPPENING ACROSS THIS COUNTRY WHERE OUR RIGHT TO
THIS COUNTRY WHERE OUR RIGHT TO VOTE IS BEING FUNDAMENTALLY
VOTE IS BEING FUNDAMENTALLY UNDERMINED.
UNDERMINED. >> THERE IS TALK ABOUT THE HOUSE
>> THERE IS TALK ABOUT THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS BRINGING THAT UP AS A
DEMOCRATS BRINGING THAT UP AS A FIRST BILL, SOME SORT OF
FIRST BILL, SOME SORT OF STRENGTHENING THE VOTING RIGHTS,
STRENGTHENING THE VOTING RIGHTS, VOTER REGISTRATION NATIONWIDE.
VOTER REGISTRATION NATIONWIDE. WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THAT?
WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THAT? >> WE SHOULD HAVE AUTOMATIC
>> WE SHOULD HAVE AUTOMATIC VOTING.
VOTING. WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO HAVE SAME
WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO HAVE SAME DAY REGISTRATION EARLY VOTING.
DAY REGISTRATION EARLY VOTING. YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO MAIL IN A
YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO MAIL IN A BALLOT ANY TIME.
BALLOT ANY TIME. >> NEW YORK IS TERRIBLE --
>> NEW YORK IS TERRIBLE -- >> TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE.
>> TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE. >> I SAY IT AS A NEW YORK VOTER.
>> I SAY IT AS A NEW YORK VOTER. >> WE NEED PROPER REDISTRICTING
>> WE NEED PROPER REDISTRICTING IN 2020.
IN 2020. YOU NEED TO HAVE NONPARTISAN
YOU NEED TO HAVE NONPARTISAN REDISTRICTING BY A COMMISSION,
REDISTRICTING BY A COMMISSION, NOT BY, YOU KNOW, GOVERNORS AND
NOT BY, YOU KNOW, GOVERNORS AND LEGISLATURES WHO ALL DECIDE
LEGISLATURES WHO ALL DECIDE DIFFERENT THINGS AND ALMOST
DIFFERENT THINGS AND ALMOST ALWAYS IS STILL POLITICAL.
ALWAYS IS STILL POLITICAL. THAT’S WRONG.
THAT’S WRONG. SO WE NEED TO RESTORE OUR
SO WE NEED TO RESTORE OUR DEMOCRACY TO THE PEOPLE.
DEMOCRACY TO THE PEOPLE. IT’S ABOUT WHAT THIS DEMOCRACY
IT’S ABOUT WHAT THIS DEMOCRACY IS SUPPOSED TO STAND FOR AND
IS SUPPOSED TO STAND FOR AND WITH ALL THE ATTACKS ON VOTING
WITH ALL THE ATTACKS ON VOTING RIGHTS, IT’S NOT ONE PERSON ONE
RIGHTS, IT’S NOT ONE PERSON ONE VOTE.
VOTE. WITH ALL THE ATTACKS ON MONEY
WITH ALL THE ATTACKS ON MONEY AND POLITICS, PEOPLE WITH MONEY
AND POLITICS, PEOPLE WITH MONEY HAVE AN OUT SIZED INFLUENCE, THE
HAVE AN OUT SIZED INFLUENCE, THE SPECIAL INTERESTS, THE BILLS
SPECIAL INTERESTS, THE BILLS WRITTEN IN THE DARK OF NIGHT.
WRITTEN IN THE DARK OF NIGHT. IT NEVER ENDS.
IT NEVER ENDS. >> LET ME HE ASK YOU A NEW YORK
>> LET ME HE ASK YOU A NEW YORK QUESTION, CHUCK SCHUMER A SENIOR
QUESTION, CHUCK SCHUMER A SENIOR SENATOR FROM YOUR STATE, YOU
SENATOR FROM YOUR STATE, YOU CALL HIM A FRIEND AND COLLEAGUE.
CALL HIM A FRIEND AND COLLEAGUE. TALK ABOUT NANCY PELOSI.
TALK ABOUT NANCY PELOSI. NO ONE SAYS CHUCK SCHUMER.
NO ONE SAYS CHUCK SCHUMER. DO YOU HAVE CONFIDENCE IN HIS
DO YOU HAVE CONFIDENCE IN HIS ABILITY?
ABILITY? >> I’M VOTING FOR CHUCK SCHUMER.
>> I’M VOTING FOR CHUCK SCHUMER. >> YOU THINK HE’S THE RIGHT MAN
>> YOU THINK HE’S THE RIGHT MAN AT THE RIGHT TIME?
AT THE RIGHT TIME? >> HE’S MADE A DIFFERENCE
>> HE’S MADE A DIFFERENCE ALREADY.
ALREADY. HE FULLY UNDERSTANDS THE THINGS
HE FULLY UNDERSTANDS THE THINGS WE NEED TO MOVE FORWARD IN THIS
WE NEED TO MOVE FORWARD IN THIS KWUN TRI.
KWUN TRI. HE’LL MOVE FORWARD AS BEST HE
HE’LL MOVE FORWARD AS BEST HE CAN EDUCATION, HEALTH CARE
CAN EDUCATION, HEALTH CARE VOTES, THINGS THAT HELP PEOPLE.
VOTES, THINGS THAT HELP PEOPLE. AND I THINK HE’S COMMITTED TO
AND I THINK HE’S COMMITTED TO IT.
IT. >> FINAL QUESTION.
>> FINAL QUESTION. THERE IS A REPORT AND I WANTED
THERE IS A REPORT AND I WANTED TO ASK YOU THIS BECAUSE I KNOW
TO ASK YOU THIS BECAUSE I KNOW YOU PUT A LOT OF ENERGY TOWARDS
YOU PUT A LOT OF ENERGY TOWARDS VETERAN ISSUES IN YOUR WORK IN
VETERAN ISSUES IN YOUR WORK IN THE SENATE.
THE SENATE. THERE IS A REPORT ABOUT 82,000
THERE IS A REPORT ABOUT 82,000 SERVICE MEMBERS RIGHT NOW DUE TO
SERVICE MEMBERS RIGHT NOW DUE TO BASICALLY TECHNICAL SCREW UPS AT
BASICALLY TECHNICAL SCREW UPS AT THE VA, HAVE NOT GOTTEN PAYMENTS
THE VA, HAVE NOT GOTTEN PAYMENTS FOR HOUSING THROUGH THE G.I.
FOR HOUSING THROUGH THE G.I. BILL, IT’S BEEN MASSIVELY
BILL, IT’S BEEN MASSIVELY DELETERIOUS TO THEIR LIVES.
DELETERIOUS TO THEIR LIVES. THIS WAS A KIND OF THING THAT
THIS WAS A KIND OF THING THAT TRUMP AND OTHERS --
TRUMP AND OTHERS -- >> THEY PROMISED TO FIX IT AND
>> THEY PROMISED TO FIX IT AND THEY HAVE NOT.
THEY HAVE NOT. UNFORTUNATELY OUR VA HAS BEEN
UNFORTUNATELY OUR VA HAS BEEN UNDER FUNDED A VERY LONG TIME
UNDER FUNDED A VERY LONG TIME AND THE MORASSE AND THE BACKLOG
AND THE MORASSE AND THE BACKLOG CONTINUE TO HARM OUR VETERANS.
CONTINUE TO HARM OUR VETERANS. IN MY OFFICE WE WORK FOR
IN MY OFFICE WE WORK FOR VETERANS ALL THE TIME.
VETERANS ALL THE TIME. GET THEM PAYMENTS DESERVED,
GET THEM PAYMENTS DESERVED, BENEFITS THAT WERE EARNED,
BENEFITS THAT WERE EARNED, MAKING SURE THEY CAN GET THEIR
MAKING SURE THEY CAN GET THEIR MEDALS IF THEY NEVER HAD THEM.
MEDALS IF THEY NEVER HAD THEM. WE’RE WORKING NIGHT AND DAY TO
WE’RE WORKING NIGHT AND DAY TO TRY TO GET BLUE WATER NAVY
TRY TO GET BLUE WATER NAVY VETERANS SINCE I’VE BEEN ELECTED
VETERANS SINCE I’VE BEEN ELECTED TO THE HOUSE FOR OVER TEN YEARS,
TO THE HOUSE FOR OVER TEN YEARS, THE BASIC HEALTH CARE THEY
THE BASIC HEALTH CARE THEY DESERVE BECAUSE THEY SERVED
DESERVE BECAUSE THEY SERVED DURING VIETNAM AND WERE EXPOSED
DURING VIETNAM AND WERE EXPOSED TO ALL THE AGENT ORANGE TOXINS,
TO ALL THE AGENT ORANGE TOXINS, BUT DON’T GET TREATED LIKE
BUT DON’T GET TREATED LIKE ANYBODY ELSE BECAUSE THEY
ANYBODY ELSE BECAUSE THEY HAPPENED TO BE ON A SHIP OR
HAPPENED TO BE ON A SHIP OR AIRCRAFT THAT -- THEY NOT ONLY
AIRCRAFT THAT -- THEY NOT ONLY TOOK THE WATER AND DRANK IT, BUT
TOOK THE WATER AND DRANK IT, BUT THEY BATHED IN IT AND COOKED IN
THEY BATHED IN IT AND COOKED IN IT WHICH WE NOW KNOW
IT WHICH WE NOW KNOW CONCENTRATED THOSE TOXINS.
CONCENTRATED THOSE TOXINS. AND SO OUR VETERANS NEED A VOICE
AND SO OUR VETERANS NEED A VOICE AND SO I WILL TRY VERY HARD, AS
AND SO I WILL TRY VERY HARD, AS WILL MY COLLEAGUES, TO MAKE SURE
WILL MY COLLEAGUES, TO MAKE SURE WE FIX THE PROBLEMS AT THE VA SO
WE FIX THE PROBLEMS AT THE VA SO THEY CAN GET THEIR HOUSING AND
THEY CAN GET THEIR HOUSING AND GET THEIR BENEFITS.
GET THEIR BENEFITS. >> ALL RIGHT, SENATOR KIRSTEN
>> ALL RIGHT, SENATOR KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND, BOOK BOLD AND BRAVE,
GILLIBRAND, BOOK BOLD AND BRAVE, TEN WOMEN WHO WON THE RIGHT TO
TEN WOMEN WHO WON THE RIGHT TO VOTE.
VOTE. THANK YOU.
THANK YOU. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >> THE PRESIDENT TAKES A RAIN
>> THE PRESIDENT TAKES A RAIN CHECK TWICE INSTEAD OF HONORING
CHECK TWICE INSTEAD OF HONORING AMERICA’S VETERANS.